Vaktpost	Vaktposten låter dig rekrytera Pikenerare.
Bågskyttstorn	Bågskyttetornet låter dig rekrytera Bågskyttar.
Griptorn	Griptornet låter dig rekrytera Gripar.
Barack	Baracken låter dig rekrytera Fäktare.
Kloster	Klostret låter dig rekrytera Munkar.
Träningsområde	Träningsområdet låter dig rekrytera Ryttare.
Pärleport	Pärleporten låter dig rekrytera Änglar.
Upg. Vaktpost	Vaktposten låter dig rekrytera Hillebardjärer.
Upg. Bågskyttstorn	Bågskyttetornet låter dig rekrytera Prickskyttar.
Upg. Griptorn	Griptornet låter dig rekrytera Kungagripar.
Upg. Barack	Baracken låter dig rekrytera Korsfarare.
Upg. Kloster	Klostret låter dig rekrytera Seloter.
Upg. Träningsområde	Träningsområdet låter dig rekrytera Tornerare.
Upg. Pärleport	Pärleporten låter dig rekrytera Ärkeänglar.
Kentaurstall	Kentaurstallet låter dig rekrytera Kentaurer.
Dvärgstuga	Dvärgstugan låter dig rekrytera Dvärgar.
Hemman	Hemmanen låter dig rekrytera Skogsalver.
Förtrollad källa	Den Förtrollade Källan låter dig rekrytera Pegaser.
Dendroidglänta	Dendroidgläntan låter dig rekrytera Dendroidvakter.
Enhörningsdunge	Enhörningsdungen låter dig rekrytera Enhörningar.
Drakklippa	Drakklippan låter dig rekrytera Gröndrakar.
Upg. Kentaurstall	Kentaurstallen låter dig rekrytera Kentaurkaptener.
Upg. Dvärgstuga	Dvärgstugan låter dig rekrytera Stridsdvärgar.
Upg. Hemman	Hemmanen låter dig rekrytera Storalver.
Upg. Förtrollad Källa	Den Förtrollade Källan låter dig rekrytera Silverpegaser.
Upg. Dendroidglänta	Dendroidgläntan låter dig rekrytera Dendroidsoldater.
Upg. Enhörningsdunge	Enhörningsdungen låter dig rekrytera Stridsenhörningar.
Upg. Drakklippa	Drakklippan låter dig rekrytera Gulddrakar.
Verkstad	Verkstaden låter dig rekrytera Småtomtar.
Balustrad	Balustraden låter dig rekrytera Stenfilurer.
Golemfabrik	Golemfabriken låter dig rekrytera Stengolemer.
Magikertorn	Magikertornet låter dig rekrytera Magiker.
Önskealtare	Önskealtaret låter dig rekrytera Djinn.
Guldpaviljon	Guldpaviljongen låter dig rekrytera Naga.
Molntempel	Molntemplet låter dig rekrytera Jättar.
Upg. Verkstad	Verkstaden låter dig rekrytera Stortomtar.
Upg. Balustrad	The Parapet allows you to recruit Obsidian Gargoyles.
Upg. Golemfabrik	The Golem Factory allows you to recruit Iron Golems.
Upg. Magikertorn	The Mage Tower allows you to recruit Arch Magi.
Upg. Önskealtare	The Altar of Wishes allows you to recruit Master Genies.
Upg. Guldpaviljon	The Golden Pavilion allows you to recruit Naga Queens.
Upg. Molntempel	The Cloud Temple allows you to recruit Titans.
Impdegel	The Imp Crucible allows you to recruit Imps.
Syndernas Sal	The Hall of Sins allows you to recruit Gogs.
Kennel	The Kennels allow you to recruit Hell Hounds.
Demonport	The Demon Gate allows you to recruit Demons.
Helvetesgap	The Hell Hole allows you to recruit Pit Fiends.
Eldsjö	The Fire Lake allows you to recruit Efreet.
Övergivet Palats	The Forsaken Palace allows you to recruit Devils.
Upg. Impdegel	The Imp Crucible allows you to recruit Familiars.
Upg. Syndernas sal	The Hall of Sins allows you to recruit Magogs.
Upg. Kennel	The Kennels allow you to recruit Cerberi.
Upg. Demonport	The Demon Gate allows you to recruit Horned Demons.
Upg. Helvetesgap	The Hell Hole allows you to recruit Pit Lords.
Upg. Eldsjö	The Fire Lake allows you to recruit Efreet Sultans.
Upg. Övergivet Palats	The Forsaken Palace allows you to recruit Arch Devils.
Förbannat Tempel	The Cursed Temple allows you to recruit Skeletons.
Kyrkogård	The Graveyard allows you to recruit Walking Dead.
Själsgrav	The Tomb of Souls allows you to recruit Wights.
Gods	The Estate allows you to recruit Vampires.
Mausoleum	The Mausoleum allows you to recruit Liches.
Mörkrets Sal	The Hall of Darkness allows you to recruit Black Knights.
Darkvalv	The Dragon Vault allows you to recruit Bone Dragons.
Upg. Förbannat Tempel	The Cursed Temple allows you to recruit Skeleton Warriors.
Upg. Kyrkogård	The Graveyard allows you to recruit Zombies.
Upg. Själsgrav	The Tomb of Souls allows you to recruit Wraiths.
Upg. Gods	The Estate allows you to recruit Vampire Lords.
Upg. Mausoleum	The Mausoleum allows you to recruit Power Liches.
Upg. Mörkrets sal	The Hall of Darkness allows you to recruit Dread Knights.
Upg. Drakvalv	The Dragon Vault allows you to recruit Ghost Dragons.
Grotta	The Warren allows you to recruit Troglodytes.
Harpyaloft	The Harpy Loft allows you to recruit Harpies.
Ögonpelare	The Pillar of Eyes allows you to recruit Beholders.
Tysta Rösternas Kapell	The Chapel of Stilled Voices allows you to recruit Medusas.
Labyrint	The Labyrinth allows you to recruit Minotaurs.
Manticore Lair	The Manticore Lair allows you to recruit Manticores.
Drakgrotta	The Dragon Cave allows you to recruit Red Dragons.
Upg. Grotta	The Warren allows you to recruit Infernal Troglodytes.
Upg. Harpyaloft	The Harpy Loft allows you to recruit Harpy Hags.
Upg. Ögonpelare	The Pillar of Eyes allows you to recruit Evil Eyes.
Upg. Tysta Rösternas Kapell of Stilled Voices allows you to recruit Medusa Queens.
Upg. Labyrint	The Labyrinth allows you to recruit Minotaur Kings.
Upg. Manticore Lair	The Manticore Lair allows you to recruit Scorpicores.
Upg. Drakgrotta	The Dragon Cave allows you to recruit Black Dragons.
Koboldbark	The Goblin Barracks allow you to recruit Goblins.
Varggryt	The Wolf Pen allows you to recruit Wolf Riders.
Orchtorn	The Orc Tower allows you to recruit Orcs.
Resefort	The Ogre Fort allows you to recruit Ogres.
Klippnäste	The Cliff Nest allows you to recruit Rocs.
Cyklopgrotta	The Cyclops Cave allows you to recruit Cyclopses.
Behemotlya	The Behemoth Lair allows you to recruit Behemoths.
Upg. Koboldbarack	The Goblin Barracks allow you to recruit Hobgoblins.
Upg. Varggryt	The Wolf Pen allows you to recruit Wolf Raiders.
Upg. Orchtorn	The Orc Tower allows you to recruit Orc Chieftains.
Upg. Resefort	The Ogre Fort allows you to recruit Ogre Magi.
Upg. Klippnäste	The Cliff Nest allows you to recruit Thunderbirds.
Upg. Cyklopgrotta	The Cyclops Cave allows you to recruit Cyclops Kings.
Upg. Behemotlya	The Behemoth Lair allows you to recruit Ancient Behemoths.
Krokotaurstuga	The Gnoll Hut allows you to recruit Gnolls.
Ödlehåla	The Lizard Den allows you to recruit Lizardmen.
Sländebo	The Serpent Fly Hive allows you to recruit Serpent Flies.
Basiliskhåla	The Basilisk Pit allows you to recruit Basilisks.
Gorgonlya	The Gorgon Lair allows you to recruit Gorgons.
Lindormsnäste	The Wyvern Nest allows you to recruit Wyverns.
Hydrans damm	The Hydra Pond allows you to recruit Hydras.
Upg. Krokotaurstuga	The Gnoll Hut allows you to recruit Gnoll Marauders.
Upg. Ödlehåla	The Lizard Den allows you to recruit Lizard Warriors.
Upg. Sländebo	The Serpent Fly Hive allows you to recruit Dragon Flies.
Upg. Basiliskhåla	The Basilisk Pit allows you to recruit Greater Basilisks.
Upg. Gorgonlya	The Gorgon Lair allows you to recruit Mighty Gorgons.
Upg. Lindormsnäste	The Wyvern Nest allows you to recruit Wyvern Monarchs.
Upg. Hydrans damm	The Hydra Pond allows you to recruit Chaos Hydras.
Magisk Lykta	The Magic Lantern allows you to recruit Pixies.
Luftaltare	The Altar of Air allows you to recruit Air Elementals.
Vattenaltare	The Altar of Water allows you to recruit Water Elementals.
Eldaltare	The Altar of Fire allows you to recruit Fire Elementals.
Jordaltare	The Altar of Earth allows you to recruit Earth Elementals.
Tankealtare	The Altar of Thought allows you to recruit Psychic Elementals.
Bål	The Pyre allows you to recruit Fire Birds.
Upg. Magisk Lykta	The Magic Pool allows you to recruit Sprites.
Upg. Luftaltare	The Temple of Thunder allows you to recruit Storm Elementals.
Upg. Vattenaltare	The Temple of Ice allows you to recruit Ice Elementals.
Upg. Eldaltare	The Temple of Energy allows you to recruit Energy Elementals.
Upg. Jordaltare	The Temple of Magma allows you to recruit Magma Elementals.
Upg. Tankealtare	The Temple of Magic allows you to recruit Magic Elementals.
Upg. Bål	The Funeral Pyre allows you to recruit Pheonixes .
Level 1 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 1 Creatures.
Level 2 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 2 Creatures.
Level 3 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 3 Creatures.
Level 4 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 4 Creatures.
Level 5 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 5 Creatures.
Level 6 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 6 Creatures.
Level 7 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 7 Creatures.
Upg. Level 1 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 1 Creatures.
Upg. Level 2 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 2 Creatures.
Upg. Level 3 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 3 Creatures.
Upg. Level 4 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 4 Creatures.
Upg. Level 5 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 5 Creatures.
Upg. Level 6 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 6 Creatures.
Upg. Level 7 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 7 Creatures.
